Now we need to add a new property to the Espenak users, which is a company adding that company I.D.
should only be populated if the rule is company and nothing else.
So let me start the application and we will go to our models.
Let's open up the application, user centric models, application user.
Right here.
We want to add a new property which will be completed.
Now this company already will be an eligible property because it is possible that a user does not have
a company only to use it with the roll up company will be assigned a particular company.
And since we had a training company, it makes sense to add a foreign key with the mapping property
company.
I would also add here why it never because we do not want any validation on the navigation property.
So once we add this, we will have to add immigration because we are changing some things in the table.
A new column of company will be created.
So let's add a migration.
And let me take the command dead database.
Perfect.
That looks good.
If we go to our table again for Espenak users and if they execute, oops, we need to do select star.
This time, we should see a company I.D. and that is now part of the accounts right now.
Next, what we want to do is on the register page.
We want to display in a dropdown all the companies that are possible.
So inside a registered base model, we already have unit of work for our company.
So we just need to get a unit of work using dependency injection.
Perfect.
That looks good.
Let's go down where we have the cat handler.
We will have to add another dropdown, which will be for our company.
So while it is never, this will be company the best.
We will also need an integer to hold the company ID.
So let's add that and inside the car and get handler.
We will have to populate the company list.
So this will be under scrutiny to find that company get all.
And then we want to do the projection so I can just copy select that we have here based it one more
time.
What we want for the text is name of the company and value.
We will keep the idea of the company convert that to string because we want the company ID as an integer,
which will be the 18 because we have the company ID as the property with that change.
Let's go to the registered view and we can copy this.
Paste it one more time here.
This time, the SB four will be for the company I.D. and SB items.
Will the company last?
We're going to disperse to come here and let's run the application.
Let's click on Register Here and perfect.
We see both the companies are populated.
Let's continue in the next week, you.